[DOC] Update Dev Tools for navigation changes (#4874)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/dev-tools/run-queries.md

# Running queries in the Dev Tools console

The Dev Tools console can be used to send queries to OpenSearch. To access the console, go to the OpenSearch Dashboards main menu and select **Management** > **Dev Tools**.
## Writing queries

To write your queries, use the editor pane on the left side of the console. To send a query to OpenSearch, select the query by placing the cursor in the query text and then selecting the play icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/play-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="play icon"/>{:/}) on the upper right of the request or press `Ctrl/Cmd+Enter`. The response from OpenSearch is displayed in the response pane on the right side of the console. To run multiple commands simultaneously, select all the commands in the editor pane, and then select the play icon or press `Ctrl/Cmd+Enter`.

An example of the query and response panes is shown in the following image.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/query-request-ui.png" alt="Console UI with query and request">

### Query options 

> When writing queries using the console, there are common features that can help you write queries more efficiently and accurately. The following table describes these features and how you can use them.

Reviewer: I'm not sure "features" is the best word here. Maybe "actions"?

Feature | Description | How to use |
--------|-------------|------------|
**Collapsing or expanding a query** | Helpful to use when you have a long query or only want to focus on a specific part of the query. | To hide or show details of your query, select the expander arrow ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/arrow-down-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="arrow down icon"/>{:/}) next to the line number. |

> **OpenSearch search language** | Helpful to use when you need flexibility in writing complex queries. | To learn how to use the OpenSearch query domain-specific language (DSL), see [Query DSL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/query-dsl/). |

Reviewer: This is the only outlier here because it's not an action. Maybe move it to before the table as a sentence?

Reviewer: Also, it's pretty much the only option in DevTools, right? Except for sending everything as a query parameter. So "helpful to use" does not apply.

Author: Revised. See lines 1-2.

**Single-line comments** | Helpful to use when you want to explain what the query does or to exclude parts of a query. | To add notes that are not interpreted by OpenSearch to your queries, use a hash (`#`) to start the single-line comment. |
**Autocomplete** | Helpful to use when for suggestions for correct syntax and keywords, avoiding typos and errors, and reducing the amount of typing you do. | To define your preferences for autocomplete suggestions, configure them in **Settings**. |

> **Auto indenting** | Helpful to use to put the request body on a single line, which is useful for working with [bulk APIs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/). Auto indenting a collapsed query expands it. | To use auto indent, select the queries that you want to format, then select the wrench icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/wrench-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="wrench icon"/>{:/}), and choose **Auto indent**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Auto indenting** | Helpful to use when you want to put the request body on a single line, which is useful for working with [bulk APIs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/document-apis/bulk/). Auto indenting a collapsed query expands it. | To use auto indent, select the queries that you want to format, then select the wrench icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/wrench-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="wrench icon"/>{:/}), and choose **Auto indent**. |
```

**Request history** | To view request history, select **History** from the top menu. If you select the request you want to view from the left pane, the query is shown in the right pane. To copy the query into the editor pane, select the query text and then select **Apply**. To clear the history, select **Clear**. |
**Keyboard shortcuts** | To view all available keyboard shortcuts, select **Help** from the top menu. |
**Documentation access from the console** | To access OpenSearch documentation from the console, select the wrench icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/wrench-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="wrench icon"/>{:/}) and choose **Open documentation**. |

## Working in the cURL and console formats

> The console uses a simplified syntax to format REST requests in place of the `curl` command. If you paste a `curl` command directly into the console, the command is automatically converted into the format that the console uses. To import a query in cURL format, select the query, select the wrench icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/wrench-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="wrench icon"/>{:/}), and choose **Copy as cURL**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The console uses a simplified syntax to format REST requests instead of the `curl` command. If you paste a `curl` command directly into the console, the command is automatically converted into the format used by the console. To import a query in cURL format, select the query, then select the wrench icon ({::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/wrench-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="wrench icon"/>{:/}), and choose **Copy as cURL**. 
```

> **Keyboard shortcuts** | Helpful for saving time, improving efficiency, and avoiding typos and errors. | To view all available keyboard shortcuts, select **Help** from the top menu. |

Reviewer: Some of these descriptions are probably self-explanatory. I would remove the descriptions and just list what the command does in "how to use".
